hey guys what is that bit is Sarah and
we are here for another that creative
life episode with these special guests
on Coleman has I am the producer of
dream girl and the founder of comedia my
name is Erin Bagwell and I'm also proves
her own dream girl and the founder of
from this Wednesday a feminist
storytelling blog last night was the
premiere of dream girl at the White
House show for the people that do not
know who you are give me a little bit of
context of what dream girl is and how
you guys met sure so dream girl is the
documentary film showcasing the stories
of inspiring an ambitious female
entrepreneurs we follow five women
around and we get to see their lives
their families and the businesses that
they're building and we met via the
Kickstarter campaign that Aaron started
in August 2014 it landed in my inbox
courtesy of marie forleo who's another
youtuber and i saw the trailer that
aaron made and i just knew in my heart
of hearts it was what I was meant to
work on so I reached out and pitched her
I'm letting me help her run this thing
and here we are two hours later
Kickstarter so for a lot of the people
out in the audience who are youtubers or
whatever but have higher ambitions to
make a film it is kind of I like to
think like there's no better time to
make films and right now because there's
so much opportunity out there but at the
same time because there's so many
avenues there's a lot of people doing it
and so how did you kind of cut through
the clutter of all the people on
Kickstarter that have their ideas out
there how do you be unique in a world
where there's so many people try and
tell a story for sure I mean full
disclosure it took us six months to
produce our Kickstarter so we put a lot
of time and a lot of energy and a lot of
effort into the branding needs starting
social media super early and even minute
we decided to do the campaign we are on
Facebook and Twitter and started
building our audience so we've been
building that for months before we even
launched and
I think having a really strategic plan
being really thoughtful and you know we
were making a film and so I wanted to
make a film trailer and so I invested
four thousand dollars into producing you
know our four minute video so all of my
savings basically in a really big
commitment but we knew we wanted to
produce something that was really
beautiful and really spoke to the
audience so you have to put in the work
don't you have to because you can't just
throw up anything on Kickstarter right
expect someone to like fun you and you
also have to tell a story that's
relatable Asia and you know it speaks to
people and stuff so what was it that
really hooked you and you know you saw
something an errand or the trailer that
just really got you and you're like I
have to be a part of this because I
think it's crazy that seeing you guys I
feel like you can be a fast for like ten
years haha fact it you literally met via
Kickstarter yeah I reach out to her and
you made it happen so I what was that
like and you know it was just one of
those gut instincts of just like there's
nothing else i meant to do but work like
I saw the trailer i saw the Kickstarter
trailer that was so beautifully produced
that there was so much harden it so much
soul in it and I looked at the women on
that screen and I was like I am these
women like their experiences are mine I
was a female entrepreneur I started my
company a year and a half prior to that
I was really doing my best to scale to
make it work in the media space and then
I saw Aaron on screen and her call to
action I was like well I've been called
to act so I love it there we go and it
is so important that you have good
design you have the aesthetics online
that makes your project like has the
credibility for you know because people
want to get involved with something that
seems legit and that is a big part of
online media I think you have to have a
credibility because so many people are
doing it so let's talk about the people
in your life hmm you know pursuing her
dreams it sounds sexy and stuff but it's
hard yeah it's so hard and hardship hits
and you know a little bit about that and
so when you're in the middle of pursuing
your dreams remember there's so many
points that I feel like you just it's so
easy to call quits and so why is it so
important to keep those key people
around and surrounding yourself I love I
forgot who said this but it's like you
are the average I've become an
accounting you keep and that's so
valuable so kind of speak to that and
yeah I think that it's kind of been a
guiding principle of my life for quite a
few years now just you are the average
of the people you surround yourself with
the five people you spend the most time
with you are the average of those five
so my goal in life is to just
continually develop and amplify who
those people are and it for me it's no
longer five it could be ten it could be
20 there's so many people who I just who
really see me and I see them and we
identify with each other in such a
vulnerable authentic hearts based way
that it amplifies all of our collective
work like last night in that room there
was 200 people there we oversold the
event they had to bring extra chairs and
this is at the white house but they were
just people who have like I'm relenting
Lee supported us and loved us and we've
nurtured those relationships we've put a
lot of work time effort love heart into
all those relationships and that's you
know I think that was the greatest thing
for me last night was looking around the
room and being like everyone here loves
us well and especially to I mean when
you're an entrepreneur and you know when
you're taking on a big creative project
there's so many different points and
there's so many different things you
need you know we might wake up one
afternoon and really need an accountant
that week and that's our big focus or
really need a lawyer or really need you
no more creative help or need to hire it
like there are so many people or we
might just need mentorship we might just
need support like there are so many
different parts of the journey and it's
constantly changing it constantly
involving so you really need to have
like a giant collective of people that
you can lean on that you can call that
you can or even to help them so it's
it's really really imperative if you're
doing any kind of big audacious anything
that you have people for the people out
in there because I was lucky enough to
grow up in a community where I was I was
always involved in something so i had
that community of people and what is
your advice on someone who finds himself
kind of the lonely editor a little
lonely because it's very when you do
something creative and have your vision
it's very easy to get closed off put
yourself in a corner and just my art I
want to do what I want to do so what's
your advice for someone out there that's
uh yes I agree with you but how how do i
find that community is there any
practical tangible things that you can
tell them to seek out I I think it's
really hard i think you know when you're
working on something when you're so
passionate about something and it really
is such an expression of your soul but
to find people to be willing to be
vulnerable to allow people to see it and
to allow people to shape it and allow
people to make it better I mean we had
an original rough cut about seven months
ago and we showed it to our executive
producers and there you know our
creative allies and you know they asked
us to do some soul searching about
cutting some characters and we ended up
starting over and it was painful and it
was bloody it's your baby and yeah we we
we thought we were somewhere in the
process and we weren't and at the end of
the day I'm so proud of the film that we
made I have no regrets about starting
over and I feel so proud and I feel such
a sense of strength from starting over
and we had to be open to taking that
advice room I mean that was a big blow
to the ego that was a blow to the last
year and a half are working on it yeah
to be in that space but I think of here
if you want to create the best work
possible you need to let people in we
need to let people shape it you need to
let people give you advice and not all
advice I mean it's so fun I sit with our
executive producer bowson he said x
we would make decisions and I would say
no on stuff and he'd be like great so
your phone whatever you want to do but
to be able to again fun about me best
decision for yourself and not be afraid
to take the ego out of it okay how am I
going to make this better I'd add to
that that just if there's someone you
admire if there's a youtuber creator
someone you find online via Kickstarter
just reach out yeah you don't know
whether that person is going to get back
to you but perhaps our community will
and that's a community of people who are
like you who admire that person for a
similar reason for a similar khalili is
a monkey yes last two weeks ago and then
yeah they you know I saw the trailer and
it was so good then again I was
impressed by the aesthetic of it and
just the credibility that you had behind
this entire project and you guys just
seemed so cool I mean side note being
nice to people and being a cool person
pays off in a long drive yeah hard hard
yeah like being left behind like
anything like that kindness and
generosity of spirit has made this
journey like we found our executive
producer i went to sundance film
festival on a whim and didn't know
anyone there and ended up sitting at the
restaurant bar and he sat next to me and
we just chatted the whole night and by
the end of it he's like I'd love to
mentor you that's the first time
filmmaker I want to invest in you and ok
it's just transformed our entire
creative journey and we wouldn't have
gotten there without just being curious
and wanting to know who people are so if
you're feeling isolated know that that
comes back to two things that you're
nervous about sharing your work and
that's okay and that you just want to be
seen by community of people so reach out
and let people give you some feedback
but people who you admire and whose work
inspires you as well the distribution of
this film is it's interesting because it
really is how movies are kind of
changing like now you need to focus on
digital
you focus on online how are you going to
get this film that you started via
Kickstarter into as many people's hands
as possible into your backers and step
so talk about the process of the
distribution of this film because it's
it's interesting that's the way I think
movies are going absolutely I think that
first of all we've been really lucky I
always say earns the other half of my
brain she's like my creative lobe and I
am a bit more be analytical Logan then
we just kind of go over cross over when
we need to so our distribution plan has
really organically developed over the
past year and a half and its really
special that we've been able to think of
how do we want to sell this film while
we're making the film so our Kickstarter
audience that Aaron so beautifully
created is like such a strong base of
thousands of people who support us who
love us who see us by the way how much
money did you raise yes 104 thousand
dollars via Kickstarter no don't worry
at all and then it really just kind of
came up like how do we want to get this
into people's lives how do we want to
get this in the water supply how do we
make sure these themes are things that
are discussed so we created a licensing
model that we are now distributing
through and we're in we are self
distributing the film so there's three
different screenings tears that we offer
people come to us they host their own
screenings and then they keep a hundred
percent of revenue from their ticket
sales and our goal is to just think the
largest quantity that we can screenings
tapping bubblies so from corporations so
we have twitter doing 14 screenings and
all of their global offices we have you
know how women who are just having their
local networking group come over to
their house and watch it in their living
room we have people renting out a
thousand people theaters to fill the
whole theater with people they want to
inspire we've had 200 screening requests
in 20 different countries so are your
guests cited yeah and because you want
to get that message out your movie out
by the same time like hello it's is it
was your job to and I don't have to make
money yes ya RAB as part of our fabrics
yeah love it because you're going on
tour tube and so what does that look
like you're getting sponsorships right
yes we're working on sponsorship so
that's a tier it's honestly you know as
much as we've been speaking to larger
brands and corporations this really has
been bootstrapped friends and family
investments you know we have had an
angel investor we've had the kickstarter
come in but really like money has been a
hard thing for us but we just knew if we
just stuck to it if we stuck to the
creative process we could make it work
we now have two full-time and people who
are working with us on the sales side so
getting these screenings booked all
around the world so that screening model
is a huge part digital sales is going to
be a huge part we're doing we're
launching our presale on jun 9th of the
premier and then we're going to release
the film this fall and September's are
really working on the pre-sale we didn't
even developed a 20 part content series
called your moment of ambition that's
going to be launching in the next few
months so sorry just a nurse very much
hell yeah but that's you just need to
know it's like your EV always says it's
that jab jab jab right exactly and give
your audience to themselves that
momentum and then really just get them
invested in your product and willing to
buy and right now is 2016 there's so
many different options on how you can
monetize so you just have to be
strategic you have to look what
opportunities are out there and there's
so many brands out there that are
willing to be a part of something cool
and that people's eyes are going to be
on it's just you have to kind of get out
there figure out who wants to
collaborate and you know shake the hands
exactly exactly life is difficult and
sometimes when you're in the middle of
the hustle and you're in the middle of
the grind stuff happens I mean tell a
little better story of like what
happened when you yeah so I moved to
Brooklyn in January from Canada we were
working long distance for 15 months and
then I finally my visa came through for
my company I moved to Brooklyn in
January
and we were so excited to start diving
in and you know to be honest moving is
hard so it took me a couple months to
get adjusted to feel settled in my
boyfriend was in on what we were
together seven years and then all of a
sudden you're in long distance so it
took me a while to get settled into my
life in Brooklyn and once I was I went
back to Canada for some blood work and I
came out with diagnosis for cancer and
it's a really rare but have a treatable
form of cancer called dermatofibroma
protuberance and that kind of put us on
an even crazier roller coaster and
trajectory from March through a week ago
yesterday I found when I was cancer-free
after surgery yeah thank goodness thank
goodness is right you know something
that's really important for me in this
process was you know having erin was
incredible she really took on a lot of
the workload a lot of you know I I had
to really focus on my health and pigott
and shift but we were in it together and
we would just be as communicative as
possible as real with each other as
possible I really leaned all the people
in my life again like really make that
foundation of people around you and last
night just felt like such a celebration
of coming through this adversity like
physically I hit lowest lows you know
post surgery the pain was so intense but
this work kept me going that's good so
it because you're doing something that
just like keeps you a massage I it gives
you that like not your stuff like the
good night yeah cuz when you find that
one thing you know when you find yeah
and so no matter what happens it's just
like that's something that can actually
help you bring you through it yes and
also with family and stuff um but then
you have to find a balance of yes keep
care of yourself because I sometimes I
just don't sleep and that's something
you have to take care of yourself and
you know I think later on entrepreneurs
like there is that hustle and grind a
few years and we're not going to
sugarcoat it this has been like the
hardest part the hardest and most
wonderful part of our lives all at once
I was like cry laughing last night cuz I
was like we're having fun we haven't had
fun in so long it's been so hard but you
know another thing that
and was lots of people when they're
diagnosed with something like cancer it
really makes them wake up to their life
um and I had a moment where I was like
I'm doing everything I had ever dreamed
up there is nothing else I would ever
want to do and it just made me know that
this work is what was going to help me
and that we were going to get through it
and it was going to be incredible that's
so good you guys are so um and it was so
great being there for the premiere and
because she don't try something of
course of course i will link down the
trailer to dream girl down below you
guys need to check it out it's amazing
so inspiring it doesn't matter who you
are it just inspires you to go out there
and kill it and crush it um so yeah
thanks so much for tuning in and I will
see you guys the next video ah India is
here where are you gun we're going to
the White House ya hear me out here
dream girl for me girl premier